Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already.
And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a HighThroughputConsumer class in java that handles data serialization.
The HighThroughputConsumer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.* module.
Now we define the config method.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we handle the "org.apache.kafka.common.seria operation.
This is where we insert the key-value pair into our map. , we log the output to verify it works.
Most developers think more Python Implementation means better performance.
It can , actually make things worse.
Stay tuned to see why.